loeb two days today and one
amateur cameraman
an amateur cameraman but actually a
professional referee it's roman poite
their life of this match that will be the
first experienced with us the camera
referees for the first time in France
we call it a strike that a brief
English term referee it's still
more convenient to say referee cable he
comes at the same time to equip itself in
his poite Roman cloakroom with our
technical team one threading and in china
and on which is fixed the
hf transmitters to allow the image
from arriving to our quarter of
realization and a few more seconds
late the famous camera that has him
carefully adjusted on his forehead
that's going to allow you to have some
images in the heart of the action as close as possible
the players because thomas lombard the
rugby has a conservative sport image
but in fact all the innovations they
are always welcome here is the
first picture with our cameraman who
are filming roman poite this
cloakroom of the refereed channel you the
know like to be at the forefront of
new techniques the southern hemisphere has
already tested and it will be great
first in France we will find Roman
poite in a few moments
- 2
yeah that's okay
it's good calm calm calm guys
the action
not touched
shower bourgeois who are accountable
is losing their support of letting go of a
once they are on the ground
fo which naturally does not loose that i have
always need to say let loose hockey
you declare to be very late
it's not good we drown it did not go back
the red the wheels on the line on the
line on the red line
yes I touched
such
per share
shower 1
that's what you can confirm if
it's the black who brings the ball back
its in goal and if there is no in the
faced with m fractions
touched that
he is not involved in plating
there he comes to challenge he falls because
ground clearance here forex
you have it in a second
time players dive into the camp
opposing the city levitt promised to go
touch both cases you can not
tell the players that he is not diving
in the opponent's camp thank you
bending touch jobs
- very both
behind noah
iCloud